+ Project Exercise 2 Made in Eclipse
+ Implemented Temperature interface, MyTemperature, and Convert code.
+ Complied the code.
+ Ran it. It works properly!~

+ Double.parseDouble() is a method called from class "Double" in the system library. This method
will convert it's parameter objects into doubles. In this particular code, it is converting the parameters entered
to args[0] (the first position in args, thus, the first parameter entered in to main) from a String to double.
This will allow the user to type in the temperature value they want to convert.

+ Character.toUpperCase() is a method called to main from class "Character" in the java system library. This method
takes in a char parameter, and will capitalize it if its not capital already. With the given code in this exercise,
the method is taking in the char in the String placed in args[1], at position 0 (the first char in the String).
If used correctly by the user, it will capitalize the scale C or F.

+ The method "println()" is being called from System.out to the main class. In one line, it will print out its
parameters, whether its a toString, an initialized String, or another object.
In this case, it will print temperature: a new Temperature object implemented by the MyTemperature class (and its
inner methods) taking in the parameters double value and char scale in that order.

+ When the  java Convert 100 C is entered into command prompt, the command prompt will read this in the following way:
<application> <file> <Program Arguments>

So, java Convert 100 C will run Java, open the class "Convert," and take in "100" and "C" as inputs in that order.
You can see in class "Convert" that 100 will be taken into args[0] as a String and C will be taken into args[1]
as a string.
Following this, 100 will be converted to a double under the name "value", and C will be isolated to a char and become
capitalized, and placed under the name "scale."
Since C follows the rule established by the if statement, restricting scale to be only C or F, it will pass through the
program without returning the usage information.
These values will then be taken as parameters of a new Temperature object, which will be implemented by the class
MyTemperature, where the conversion method happens.
Lastly, the new Temperature object will be printed out to the user.

